Zhao Shao is kidding
You are a public security water fast pen.
It's my Saint Dong Xiaoming who came to apologize
Mr. Lu
The boy sincerely apologizes to you.
This is an apology
I'm afraid this sum of money is no less than ten million
What kind of horse fuck is Yue Fei?
Death is a small thing
The person who owes you and I collect can leave.
Thank you Mr. Lu
Mr. Lu, these two people need my representative to deal with them.
You take yours
Yes
Hey
Well, there's something I need to make clear to you.
I really have nothing to do with Sun Qian
know know
Really know really know
Hmph test me
Stimulate me hum
I won't fall for you
I won't be fooled by you
Your crown prince grandpa will kneel to me too
Take me to the sheriff's office
Of course you can't.